Sorry I'm late.
Made you suffer so much
Senior, I'm sorry for you.
If the Gu family hadn't plotted against me
You won't be sad enough to cheat alone
senior
Thank you for always taking care of me and protecting me
In my heart, you have always been a good example for me
Good senior
It's just that what you said really doesn't work?
Am I a senior in your heart?
In fact, Wanyue, you are really nice.
It's just that I just want to be admitted to a good university now
Complete my ideal
Get rid of this home
green
I'll take care of you.
Then become the man of your dreams
Then protect you and take care of you
Will you wait for me forever?
It's not too late
green
I came back to China this time to find you.
Now I have achieved a little success abroad
I can take care of you
Do you want to go abroad with me?
senior
I'm already married.
You are a tree goose and a minister
But you are already divorced.
And a month later
He's going to have a wedding with Gusya
What!
Don't you know?
You see the hot searches are full of news of their marriage
Is this God's will?
He has Gu Siya's child
Completely forgot me again
So what's the point of my persistence?
green
Qingqing, listen to me
You are pregnant.
Don't cry, okay?
When your conditions are ready
I'll take you abroad
If you want to have this baby
We raised him together
If you don't want it.
I'll make an appointment for surgery
Anyway
I won't let you suffer any more
Ok?
senior
I'm in a mess right now
Can you give me a little more time?
Don't worry, think slowly
I've been waiting for you for five years
Don't be afraid to wait for another one.
senior
Oh, thank you kindly.
It's weird
I have no feelings for Gu Siya
Instead, he felt that his sister Gu Qingqing was inexplicably familiar
Seeing him is like seeing Xiaobao
Goodbye have a glass of water